Optional Assignment: Grant Quattlebaum

To begin, I spent a little time seeing if it would be easier to go through by place in string instead of doing each string one at a time, but that didn't seem to work at all. I then looked at the C documentation of atoi and looked for things it did I could remove in my implementation. Thus my implementation doesn't check that the string is only integers or that the number it generates is the right size. 
Since strings are basically lists, I based my function off of a 221 assignment I remember doing in SML where we took lists of the form [a, b, c], with a, b, c being 1 digit numbers, and outputting abc: as an example [1, 5, 7] would return 157. THe only needed trick would be how to convert characters to ints, but some research shwowed that's easily done by subtracting '0', or 48. I tried it both ways, and 48 seemed slightly faster to me, though that could just be noise. I also tried a recursive variant, but that seemed slower to me (though my implementation could have been poor, and there are faster recursive methods). Additionally, I tried a variant that instead of looping, went casewise through all the possible lengths of the string and for each did the neccesary number of calculations. That one also didn't seem to help, though it feels like that should actually be better, so I probably just messed up the implementation.
I also looked up how to increment pointers positions and used that to increment the pointer, and decreased variable name sizes.